(Day 21)
I think...
It's kinda strange.
There are already a lot of people who ship X and Mook together.
There's no reason to involve both of you.
I know!
Why did they have to play around with other people's feelings?
Nevermind me.
But for Q...
He was brave enough to come out to us.
But in the end, everything-
Crashed.
And did they not even bother to explain anything to you guys?
Frank.
I saw it with my own eyes.
What can they possibly say?
Man, people these days.
Even if you know their face, you'll never know their heart.
There might be another reason.
How about this.
I'll go and ask X.
Frank.
Who's side are you on?
What happened to Q and I hurts even more than you getting punched in the face!
Even if you killed someone, the court will still ask you why you did it.
I just want to know why they'd do this to my friends.
If you really want to go...
Then go alone.
Don't involve me in this matter.
You're always like this, Toy.
You should also listen to Mook.
So that at least you'll have a solid reason to be angry at her.
Don't just draw your own conclusions in your head.
Q!
Open your door for me.
Will he be okay?
He's locked himself in his room and won't even go to school.
Q!
How about this.
Why don't we just break the door down.
In case something's happened to him, we'll be able to help him in time.
- Move.
- Wait, wait, wait.
Why would you break the door? I have the key right here.
Watch what are you saying, it's making me anxious.
Why didn't you just tell me...
Q...
I don't know...
What happened between you and X.
But why don't you talk to each other properly?
Last time...
He came all the way here to try and talk to you.
That means that he really cares about you.
Just let it go, Mom.
I don't want to hear it anymore.
I'll go back to normal soon.
You're angry and sulking.
Your feelings towards him are more than friends too, right?
Mom...
I... I-
I know.
No matter who you are...
You're still my son.
Both your Uncle and I...
We'll always be by your side.
And it won't matter if you're happy...
or if you're disappointed with your choices.
Did I disappoint you?
Anything that is your happiness...
I can accept all of it.
Do you want to tell me and your uncle about it?
What happened?
Hm?
My son.
This evening...
Are you still going to the ceremony with me?
You can go with someone else.
If you don't want to listen to me.
Then see for yourself.
You punched him?!
My nephew is dangerous when he gets jealous.
Why would you tease him like that?
You're not going to give X a chance to explain himself?
It might not be what you think.
Remember that day you played the zombie game with him?
Hm?
If anyone heard you guys like we did, they'd be having inappropriate thoughts.
If you don't believe me, you can step on my face.
Some things are not like what we see.
And some things are not like what we hear.
If it's not actually what you thought...
You'll be even more devastated.
And it's also not fair towards X.
But no matter what you decide...
Just remember.
You're not alone.
Hang in there, alright?
Here.
Whether you'll keep it or throw it away.
It's your choice.
It's like I said.
When X told me he has a crush on Q...
I was also surprised.
I'm also very curious.
Who is it that managed to steal the heart of such a perfect boy?
Why do you want to know?
What about you?
You don't have a partner to go with you yet, right?
I can introduce you to some guys.
No thanks.
I don't want to go with someone who I'm not familiar with.
It's too fake.
I was thinking of going by myself anyway.
Do you want some?
Thanks.
- Mook?
- Yeah?
Um...
I...
I want to ask for your help with something.
My help?
Yeah.
If you're asking me like this...
Then it must be important, right?
Can you accept a person's friend request for me?
And whatever he does, can you take extra care of him for me?
Extra care?
Yes.
Is it your special someone?
Hey.
Let me see their picture.
I want to know what it is that they have and I don't.
A picture?
The person you like is...?
Sure. I'll help you.
Thank you!
At least I definitely have no way of winning against that person.
No wonder why everything was so easy back then.
That's why you knew which of us was Q.
Do you believe me now?
X didn't deceive Q.
And it's impossible for him to like me.
Then...
What about you?
Do you still like X?
Of course.
But not in that way.
Now...
Hey, X didn't come to school.
I heard that he had to...
Wait.
You guys...
X has to fly to Japan today.
Do something!
Do you know what time X's flight is?
Around 10 p.m. But I think he'll have to check in since 9 p.m.
What about you? What time does your ceremony end?
Around 10 p.m.
But... I have to go and get ready beforehand.
Are you still going to go with me?
I don't think I can go anymore.
But I promise I'll be there to pick you up when your ceremony ends.
Let's go, Frank!
Huh? I- I have an appointment with Mind.
Let's go to Q's house!
Your friend's matters are more important.
Mind will have to send Mook instead of me anyway.
Come on!
You forgot something!
Oh, right.
- Come on!
- I know!
Why the hell was there so much traffic today?
Q!!!
- Mom, hello.
Excuse me, where is Q?
He's upstairs in his room.
Can I go meet him? Thank you!
Sure thing.
Thank you.
Come, come.
- Q!
- Woah.
What are you guys doing here?
I'll go back to school tomorrow.
I was going to go talk to X about you.
But I couldn't find him.
And then Toy dragged me here.
Um...
- Um...
- What is it?
Frank...
Told me that I should listen to other people's reasons.
Which, even though I didn't...
But I...
Saw the truth.
What truth?
Here.
Take a look at this.
Hello, everyone!
You're back with me, Mook, the queen of content.
Today, we're here to interview my friend about his views on love.
Hello, X!
Look at the camera!
Hey, don't.
Come on.
I won't post it anywhere, okay?
What did you want to ask?
I just want to know...
About Q...
How is he special?
You're really not going to post this anywhere right?
I won't.
How is he special?
He... might not be special for other people.
But for me...
He's the reason why I want to come to school every day.
Right from the first day that I've met him.
Maybe you can call it...
Love at first sight?
That's enough.
Wait, not yet.
Then why did you just start pursuing him?
Didn't you have a crush on him since last year?
Because I'm scared.
He might feel disgusted.
So I chose to watch from a distance.
You're not scared anymore?
Of course I am.
But if I don't do something now...
And we start going to university...
I'm afraid I won't get to see him anymore.
That's why it's worth the risk.
No matter what the outcome will be like.
You guys even had a bet.
But, I'm sorry.
I didn't ask Q like you told me to.
Wait!
But if he loses, he'll have to do as you ask, right?
That's true.
But...
Actually... he didn't lose to me.
He'd already won.
Since the first day that I met him.
He's always my number one.
I've already decided.
When I come back from Japan...
I'll ask him to be my boyfriend.
Then tell me.
What method will you use to conquer Q's heart before you graduate?
Well, I only have around 20 days left.
So I chose to use Dr. Maxwell's '21 Days Theory'.
That day, I realized that winning over someone's heart...
Especially of someone that we love...
Is one of the proudest things that can happen to you.
What are you going to do now?
Mook said X has to fly to Japan tonight.
Around 9 p.m.
You can still make it if you go now.
Then can you drop me off?
Sure thing!
But...
I have to pick up Mook at 10 p.m. so...
Getting a taxi and then taking the airport link there should be a good solution.
Then drop me off on the main road.
Sure, come on!
We- we didn't hear anything.
I'm leaving first!
Bye mom! Bye uncle!
Hey, what about me?!
Um... Mom...
Do you happen to have some extra rice?
It's unbelievable how the time I spent getting to the airport was as long as the flight to Singapore.
Of course.
I didn't make it in time.
It might be too late right now...
But it's okay. I'll wait.
Toy is more lucky than me.
Speaking of which, he unknowingly used the 21 Days Theory with Mook as well.
And Frank is still determined on becoming a doctor.
And Mind is there to strictly tutor him even more.
Today we're here to meet 'Mommy Bakery'!
Can we stop for a moment?
Frank.
Move out to the right.
And as for me, I have very nice friends.
They understand who I am.
And I'm also fulfilling my duties as a good son.
(2 months later)
We have to thank Mook.
Every since she reviewed our shop, we've been getting so many orders.
It's amazing.
Q, come help me!
Can you deliver this order for me?
Uncle.
Ever since the start of my holiday...
I've been wrapping them up and delivering them for you guys.
Can you deliver it for me?
Please?
Are you sure?
(To: X.
Address: RK Condo B Tower.
Ps. Can I request for the person named Q to deliver this?)
Uncle!
I can deliver it to him!
Let me go get changed first.
I'm here to deliver some snacks.
I don't have any cash on me. Can I pay with a kiss instead?